<!--added about me-->
# hello-world2018

New Learning
Hello Davis here. I am a 42 year old Nurse. I have been a Nurse for the past 12 years. I have always enjoyed helping others. I always found that having the knowledge to be able to help people with medical issues, and educating them on what is needed to help them with their recovery,was one of the greatest skill set to have in life. I started out wanted to become a Physician but was not able to get into medical school the first couple times I applied. This is what lead me into going to nursing school. Nurses are frontline healthcare providers and are exposed to an whole array of healthcare situations. My thought was instead of wasting more years trying to into medical school why not get some hands on healthcare expoiser and then try to apply to medical school aftward.
That was the plan but somewhere along the way I got stuck. I was never really happy with nursing, not to say that it is not a good profession, but I always knew it was not the one for me. I worked in the ICU for my first two years. I struggled my 1st few months but after time I got the hangs of things but I was never happy with this
position. People would say may be you have not found your nursing niche yet and need to explore other specialities in nursing. So I left the ICU and was able to get accepted into the Nurse Anesthetist Program. I spent a semester
in the program and found out that I hated this even more. My reason for wanting to get into that field of nursing 
was because of their high salaries. To make a long story short I withdrew for classes and decied to become
a travel Nurse. I thought maybe it was not Nursing that I disliked, but rather the region of the country I was working in.This was far from the truth. I got another ICU position in San Antonio, TX and was still having the feelings of dread when I would go to work. After finishing up my travel contract in TX I moved back home to New Jersey. Even though I felt like nursing was still not for me, I did not want to leave the profession. I would tell myself that I worked to long and hard to get my degree and to just leave would mean that I was a failure. So I decided to switch from critical care nursing to dialysis. This is where I really got stuck. I am still currently a dialysis nurse but have thought of breaking away from this field many times. I have been a dialysis nurse for over 10 years. The job in generalis not bad but each year it gets more and more taxing on my physical and mental states. They pay is not bad (noticing a recurring theme her lol) but the hours that they require you to be at work is steadily increasing. For Chronics we would come in at 5 am and would not leave until 8 pm. For acutes we would come in at 7am and don't know when we would be able to go home. There were some days that I would wok 18-24 hours straight. A average day would be in at 7am and out at 12 midnight. On top of that we would have to take call and only get $30 dollars for the day if not called in. It seemed like I lived at the hospital and would come home to visit....(<!---Have more to write but this is getting too long lol-->)
